Coupon for kisses
Coupon for cuddles
Coupon for a breakfast in bed
Coupon for a pizza
Coupon for a massage
Coupon for flowers
Coupon for a romantic dinner with candles
Coupon for Magda being nice to you the whooole day
Coupon for some nooodles:)
Coupon for a new pair of boxer shorts
Coupon for being fed strawberries in chocolate
Coupon for a netflix&chill evening
Coupon for partying together
Coupon for a weed evening (on me)
Coupon for Magda letting you win junglespeed
Coupon for getting your legs waxed
Coupon for a day off university (because you're working so hard and deserve it)
Coupon for a makeout session 
Coupon for a pornograph- I mean photography session
Coupon for a cinema date
Coupon for a stargazing together
Coupon for a late night drive
Coupon for omg its a candle session 
Coupon for a dirty dancing together
Coupon for disney&smack
Coupon for taking a nap together
Coupon for silent treatment
Coupon for pancakes
Coupon for your shirt back (for the summer)
Coupon for pj's party
Coupon for getting laid (with whom tho!?)
Coupon for acting classes with Alexis (how to be a whiny husky)
Coupon for a pillow figth (you have no chances)
When life gives you lemons squeeze them in your enemies' eyes <3
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down
Instead of meat, just eat veggies&pussy
God save you
Happy llama sad llama mentally disturbed llama
Alpacalyps
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is a 9.5/10? (P.S. it's Magda looser)
Aren't you a whiny husky
Are you a Tennesee? Cause you're the only ten I see ;)
Stop acting like a silly little goose
Remeber to smile a bit today:)
Don't worry, be happy
Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz from Chrząszczyżewoszyce, Łękodoły
Remember to leave space for Jesus&Sara
Do you like raisins? No? How about a date?
Bitch
Do you like Star Wars? Cause Yoda only one for me!
Eat your vegetableessss
Remember it's all part of the process
You must be exhausted after the marathon you run in my head:)
Sorry for being cheesy sometimes that's how I show I care
We should rearrange the alphabet, cause U and I belong together.
No grudges boy
What did a fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn
What do you call a person without eyes and good taste? Mischa
Go outside get that vitamin d
No more breakfasts for you
Go cry about it (you know bout what hihi)
Damn, are you a wifi? Cause I totally feel a connection
Remeber the name of your FAVOURITE river in South America?
Don't do drugs, do Magda, it's nicer:)
Boys will be boys (especially the dutch ones)
Jebać PiS i Konfederacje
Make Magda breakfast
Sing a serenade (of your choice) for Flatties
Only answer "yes" to each question Magda asks
Find a flower and deliver it to Magda
Give Magda another T-shirt
Call your grandma and ask for a cake recipe
Bike to Rochussenstraat 27 ASAP
Make tiktoks wiht Magda
Hold Magda's hand while she's getting her very first piercing
Get your second nipple pierced
Get some ballz man
Do a flip
Record yourself saying alphabet from the end
Build a pillow fortress
Roll a PERFECT joint
Buy a prerolled joint I dare you
Learn how to make circles out of smoke
Write down 30 words that start with the letter A
Prank Sara
Eat vege for the whole day (tofu highly reccomended!)
Go skinny dipping in the great river Waal
Test for STDs
Text your best friend and tell them something nice (be serious&mean it)
Learn a poem by heart and recite it to Joe (first possible time you guys meet)
Send your last liked tiktok to flatties
Give me your jacket? The black one? Please? I'm cold?
Wake up at sunset and take a beautiful picture, post on your story on insta
Go to sleep early
Drink 2 liters of water 
Eat some vegetables
Shuffle songs on spotify and learn the one that pops up on guitar
Learn how to shuffle dance (+proof academia guy)
Do a research on NFT's
LIMITED EDITION EXTRA GOLDEN CARD: <br><i>*you can choose what's written in here :)*</i>